started the burn developer book (#1184)
tracel-ai/burn: contributor-book/src/overview.md

# Overview

Welcome to The Burn Contributor's Book 👋

This book will help you get acquainted with the internals of the Burn deep learning framework and

> provide some guidance on how to contribute to the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
provide some detailed guidance on how to contribute to the project.
```

We have crafted some sections for you:

- [Getting Started](./getting-started): Much like the Burn Book for users, we'll start with the
  fundamentals, guiding you through tasks like setting up the development environment, how to run
  tests, and what you should check prior to each commit.
- [Project Architecture](./project-architecture): This section will give you a more in-depth look at

>   the architecture of burn

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the architecture of Burn
```

- [Guides](./guides): We'll provide some guides on how to do specific tasks, such as adding a new
  operation to Burn.

- [Frequently Encountered Issues](./frequently-encountered-issues): If you are running into an issue

>   that has you stumped, this is the section to check out prior to asking on the discord. It's a

Reviewer: Add link to Discord server.

  collection of errors encountered by contributors, what caused them, and how they were resolved.

> As this book is geared more towards contributors rather than users of burn, we'll assume you have a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As this book is geared towards contributors and not towards users of Burn, we'll assume you have a
```
